docs: samples: cellular: mss: Update MSS README and links (#22138)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_multi_service/README.rst

.. note::

>    This service is only compatible with nRF91x1 devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This service is only compatible with nRF9151 devices.
```
The other nRF91x1 devices should not be promoted.

Author: But this also covers nrf9161

Building with nRF7002 Wi-Fi scanning support
============================================

> To build the sample with Wi-Fi scanning support for the nRF7002-EK shield attached to an nRF91xx-DK, use the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002ek_nrf7000``, ``-DSB_CONF_FILE=sysbuild_nrf700x-wifi-scan.conf``, and ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only`` options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the sample with Wi-Fi scanning support for the nRF7002 EK shield attached to an nRF91xx DK, use the ``-DSHIELD=nrf7002ek_nrf7000``, ``-DSB_CONF_FILE=sysbuild_nrf700x-wifi-scan.conf``, and ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=overlay-nrf7002ek-wifi-scan-only`` options.
```
We do not use hyphen in these.

This sample :ref:`experimentally <software_maturity>` supports connecting to nRF Cloud using Wi-Fi instead of using LTE.

> Overlays for this are provided for the nRF7002-DK, and the nRF5340-DK with the nRF7002EK shield attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overlays for this are provided for the nRF7002-DK, and the nRF5340-DK with the nRF7002-EK shield attached.
```

Reviewer 2: Drop the hyphen.

Author: @peknis Why? This is how all the dks are labeled in their boards

Reviewer 2: See for example the product pages: https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Wireless/WiFi or https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ug_nrf7002_dk/page/UG/nrf7002_DK/intro.html.
Labeling the boards is another thing.

Author: I removed the hyphen from all

Where *NetworkSSID* is replaced with the SSID of the Wi-Fi access point you want your device to connect to, and *NetworkPassword* is its password.
Then either reboot the device or use the ``wifi cred auto_connect`` command to manually trigger a connection attempt.

.. important::

>    Don't use any special characters in the SSID or password, such as spaces or quotes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Do not use any special characters in the SSID or password, such as spaces or quotes.
```

.. _nrf_cloud_multi_service_install_nrf_utils:

> Install nRF Cloud Utils
> ========================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installing nRF Cloud Utils
==========================
```

> To perform many of the actions in the other sections, you will need to install the `nRF Cloud Utils <nRF Cloud Utils_>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To perform many of the actions described in the other sections, you need to install the `nRF Cloud Utils <nRF Cloud Utils_>`_.
```

This is not necessary if you are using the `auto-onboarding <nRF Cloud Auto-onboarding_>`_ feature of the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service.

> To install nRF Cloud Utils, run the following command to use this package as a dependency:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install the nRF Cloud Utils, run the following command to use this package as a dependency:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   pip3 install nrfcloud-utils

.. _nrf_cloud_multi_service_provisioning_service:

Provisioning with the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service
====================================================

The nRF Cloud Provisioning Service is only compatible with nRF91x1 devices.
If you are not using nRF91x1, proceed to :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service_standard_onboarding`.

.. important::

>    Your project needs to be build with :ref:`Provisioning service support <nrf_cloud_multi_service_building_provisioning_service>` otherwise the next steps will not work. See `Provisioning Service <nRF Cloud Provisioning Service_>`_ for more detail information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Your project needs to be built with :ref:`Provisioning service support <nrf_cloud_multi_service_building_provisioning_service>` otherwise the next steps will not work. See `Provisioning Service <nRF Cloud Provisioning Service_>`_ for more detail information.
```

> You can provision and onboard your device in one of two ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provision and onboard your device in one of the following ways:
```

* Using scripted onboarding, as follows:

   1. Make sure that your device is plugged in and this sample has been flashed.
   #. Get your nRF Cloud API key from your `User Account`_.
   #. Use the :file:`claim_and_provision_device` script from :ref:`nRF Cloud Utils <nrf_cloud_multi_service_install_nrf_utils>` to provision and onboard your device

      .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

         claim_and_provision_device --api_key *your_api_key* --provisioning-tags "nrf-cloud-onboarding" --cmd-type at_shell --unclaim

>       Where *your_api_key* is the API key you obtained in step 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Where *your_api_key* is the API key you obtained in **Step 2**.
```

      This script automatically performs the following steps:

      1. Obtains the `attestation token <nRF Cloud Generating attestation tokens_>`_ from your device over UART using the :ref:`lib_nrf_provisioning` library shell, and then *claims* your device on nRF Cloud.

>       2. Once the device has rebooted, the provisioning rule "nRF Cloud Onboarding" will generate, sign, and install a device credential for your device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      2. The provisioning rule "nRF Cloud Onboarding" generates, signs, and installs a device credential for your device after the reboot.
```

         * CoAP connections use one root CA certificate, whereas HTTPS and MQTT use another.
         * Devices using CoAP need both installed, since HTTPS is used for FOTA and P-GPS on CoAP devices.

>       When it succeeds, the device should appear in the `Devices <nRF Cloud Portal Devices_>`_ list in the nRF Cloud portal and begin demonstrating the :ref:`supported nRF Cloud features <nrf_cloud_multi_service_features>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      When the script has successfully completed, the device appears in the `Devices <nRF Cloud Portal Devices_>`_ list in the nRF Cloud portal and demonstrates the :ref:`supported nRF Cloud features <nrf_cloud_multi_service_features>`.
```

      You can connect to your device with a UART terminal to monitor its activity.

* Using auto-onboarding, as follows:

   The nRF Cloud Provisioning Service auto-onboarding is compatible with CoAP, REST and MQTT connectivity with nRF Cloud.

   With this method, use the `Serial Terminal app`_ and the nRF Cloud portal.

>    The device ID used in nRF Cloud portal requires the UUID format and not the 'nrf-\ *IMEI*\ ' format.

Reviewer: I don't think UUID is *required*, just encouraged.

Reviewer 2: ...in the nRF Cloud portal is ...

Author: @peknis like this?
```suggestion
   We recommend that the device ID used in the nRF Cloud portal is UUID format and not the 'nrf-\ *IMEI*\ ' format.
```

   See `device claiming <nRF Cloud device claiming_>`_ for more information.

.. _nrf_cloud_multi_service_standard_onboarding:

Onboarding a device without the nRF Cloud Provisioning Service
==============================================================

> The nRF9160 SiP and nRF7002 don't use the :ref:`provisioning service support <nrf_cloud_multi_service_building_provisioning_service>`, so you can onboard your devices as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF9160 SiP and nRF7002 don't support the :ref:`provisioning service support <nrf_cloud_multi_service_building_provisioning_service>`, so you can onboard your devices as follows:
```

Reviewer 2: Drop the hyphen.
don't -> do not

   .. code-block:: console

      Saving nRF Cloud device onboarding CSV file onboard.csv...
      Onboarding CSV file saved, row count: 1

   And a new file, :file:`onboard.csv` should be created.
   This file will be used in the next step.

> #. Finally, onboard the device to your account with the :file:`nrf_cloud_onboard` script:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Onboard the device to your account using the :file:`nrf_cloud_onboard` script as follows:
```

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

      nrf_cloud_onboard --api-key *your_api_key* --csv onboard.csv

>    Where *your_api_key* is your nRF Cloud API key from your `User Account`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Where *your_api_key* is your nRF Cloud API key from your `User Account`_.
```

>    Or :ref:`Manually onboard the device to nRF Cloud <nrf_cloud_multi_service_onboard_device_manually>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can :ref:`onboard the device to nRF Cloud manually <nrf_cloud_multi_service_onboard_device_manually>`.
```

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

      create_device_credentials --ca self_*_ca.pem --ca-key self_*_prv.pem -c US --cn *device_id* -p dev_credentials --embed-save

>    Where *device_id* is the device ID you created, and the :file:`.pem` files are the self-signed CA certificate and private key files :ref:`you created <nrf_cloud_multi_service_create_self_signed_ca>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Where *device_id* is the device ID you created, and the :file:`.pem` files are the  :ref:`self-signed CA certificate and private key files <nrf_cloud_multi_service_create_self_signed_ca>`.
```

>    This automatically generates the following three files inside a folder called "dev_credentials" that are needed for the next step:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This automatically generates the following three files inside the :file:`dev_credentials` folder:
```

   Your device needs these three credentials to connect successfully with nRF Cloud.

#. Onboard the device to your account with the :file:`nrf_cloud_onboard` script:

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

      nrf_cloud_onboard --api-key *your_api_key* --csv onboard.csv

   Where *your_api_key* is your nRF Cloud API key from your `User Account`_

>    Or :ref:`Manually onboard the device to nRF Cloud <nrf_cloud_multi_service_onboard_device_manually>`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can :ref:`onboard the device to nRF Cloud manually <nrf_cloud_multi_service_onboard_device_manually>`.
```

To create your self-signed CA certificate:

> 1. :ref:`Install <nrf_cloud_multi_service_install_nrf_utils>` nRF Cloud Utils.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. :ref:`Install the nRF Cloud Utils <nrf_cloud_multi_service_install_nrf_utils>`.
```

#. Use the nRF Cloud Utils :file:`create_ca_cert` script to generate the certificate:

   .. code-block:: console

      create_ca_cert -c US -f self_

   Remember to set ``-c`` to your two-letter country code.
   See the `Create CA Cert <nRF Cloud Utils Create CA Cert_>`_ section in the nRF Cloud Utils documentation for more details.

   You should now have the following three files:

> 

Reviewer 3: Line 1344 below:  You can be use them to sign as many device credentials as you need. ->  You can use them to sign as many device credentials as you need.
